Experienced Team Dedicated to Your Smile
Our dedicated team is here to provide exceptional care.


Christopher B. Wong, DDS
Lead Dentist
Dr. Christopher B. Wong, is a dedicated and experienced dentist specializing in conservative dentistry, Invisalign®, and implant restoration. A graduate of the University of the Pacific Arthur A. Dugoni School of Dentistry, Dr. Wong emphasizes prevention and early detection to maintain and improve patients' oral health. Outside the clinic, he enjoys staying active, traveling, and exploring new cuisines.


Kris Hamamoto, DDS
Dentist
Dr. Kris Hamamoto, a UCSF School of Dentistry graduate, served in the U.S. Navy before establishing her practice. She is dedicated to continuing education and enjoys outdoor activities, including marathons.


Dr. Tran
Dentist
Dr. Tran, a DMD graduate, served in the Navy and specializes in periodontics and orofacial pain. She is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology and loves re-establishing her practice in the Bay Area.


Jasmine Kaye Minas
Registered Dental Hygienist
Kaye became part of our team in 2024 as a registered dental hygienist. She graduated with honors in Dental Hygiene from Carrington College in San Jose, California. In addition to her degree, she pursued a Doctor of Dental Medicine at Centro Escolar University (Makati City, Philippines) and is a licensed Doctor of Dental Medicine in the Philippines. Kaye is deeply dedicated to promoting oral health and preventive care. She takes pleasure in educating her patients on maintaining healthy teeth and gums, closely linked to overall body health. During her free time, she cherishes moments spent with family and friends and expresses a keen interest in travel, photography, and discovering new cuisines.


Helen
Registered Dental Hygienist
Helen Wong-Algarin, a UCSD graduate, has over 15 years of experience in dental hygiene. She has practiced in Japan and San Diego and has three grown children.


Rachel Hamamoto
Admin
After graduating from San Jose State University, Rachel Hamamoto started working at the office in 2019. She currently works as Dr. Wong’s insurance coordinator and front desk. She likes to do arts and crafts, watch Asian dramas and spend time with family and friends when she’s not working.


Kelty
Scheduling Coordinator
Kelty is a native San Franciscan who graduated from Loyola Marymount University with a bachelor’s degree in health and human sciences and a minor in psychology. She was first introduced into the dental field by her mother, a retired dentist and dental professor at the University of the Pacific, Arthur A. Dugoni School of Dentistry. Kelty loves to solve puzzles, eat fresh oysters, and stay active, particularly by playing volleyball and golf.


Angelisa
Registered Dental Hygienist
Angelisa has been a dedicated dental hygienist in our office since 2008. A proud mother of three boys, aged 21, 16, and 7, she loves spending quality time with her family and is committed to helping patients feel at ease while providing exceptional care.


Jamal
Registered Dental Assistant